Add docs for creating a new DLL (#7661)
microsoft/terminal: doc/creating_a_new_project.md

# Creating a New Project

> ## Creating a new DLL and referencing it in another project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a new WinRT Component DLL and referencing it in another project
```

When creating a new DLL, it was really helpful to reference an existing DLL's `.vcxproj` like `TerminalControl.vcxproj`. While you should mostly try to copy what the existing `.vcxproj` has, here's a handful of things to double check for as you go along.

- [ ] Make sure to `<Import>` our pre and post build props in your `NewDLL.vcxproj`
```
<!-- pre props --> 
<Import Project="..\..\..\common.openconsole.props" Condition="'$(OpenConsoleDir)'==''" />
<Import Project="$(OpenConsoleDir)src\cppwinrt.build.pre.props" />

> <!-- post props -->

Reviewer 2: Might make it a bit more obvious that all the pres go at the top of the file and the posts go at the bottom. With them all sitting together here, someone could get mistaken.

<Import Project="$(OpenConsoleDir)src\cppwinrt.build.post.props" />
```
- [ ] Add a `<ProjectReference>` to your new `.vcxproj` in both `WindowsTerminal.vcxproj` and `TerminalApp.vcxproj`
- [ ] Add a `<Reference>` to `TerminalAppLib.vcxproj` similar to this:
```
    <Reference Include="Microsoft.Terminal.NewDLL">
      <HintPath>$(_BinRoot)TerminalNewDLL\Microsoft.Terminal.NewDLL.winmd</HintPath>
      <IsWinMDFile>true</IsWinMDFile>
      <Private>false</Private>
      <CopyLocalSatelliteAssemblies>false</CopyLocalSatelliteAssemblies>
    </Reference>
```
- [ ] Make sure the project has a `.def` file with the following lines. The `WINRT_GetActivationFactory` part is important to expose the new DLL's activation factory so that other projects can successfully call the DLL's `GetActivationFactory` to get the DLL's classes.
```
EXPORTS
DllCanUnloadNow = WINRT_CanUnloadNow                    PRIVATE
DllGetActivationFactory = WINRT_GetActivationFactory    PRIVATE
```

> - For a bit more context on this whole process, the `AppXManifest.xml` file defines which classes belong to which DLLs. So if your project wants class `X.Y.Z`, it can look it up in the manifest and see that it came from `X.Y.dll`. Then it'll load up the dll, and call a particular function called `GetActivationFactory(L"X.Y.Z")` to get the class it wants. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention that the definitions in the Appxmanifest.xml are absolutely required to make this activation work. And the reason that you don't have to define them manually is because you include this library as a reference in TerminalApp which is in WindowsTerminal.exe which is already inside a Centennial Packaging project (CascadiaPackage) which will automatically enumerate the reference tree of WinMDs and stitch that information into the appxmanifest.xml. But if you're for some reason making another EXE or joining this up as a reference to something that isn't already rolling up into a packaging project who grovels for the metadata to put in appxmanifest.xml... that might become your problem.

### Troubleshooting
- If you hit an error that looks like this: 
    ```
    X found processing metadata file ..\blah1\Microsoft.UI.Xaml.winmd, type already exists in file ..\blah\NewDLLProject\Microsoft.UI.Xaml.winmd.
    ```
    The `Microsoft.UI.Xaml.winmd` is showing up in the output folder when it shouldn't. Try adding this block at the top of your `.vcxproj`
    ```
    <ItemDefinitionGroup>
    <Reference>
        <Private>false</Private>
    </Reference>
    </ItemDefinitionGroup>
    ```
    This will make all references non-private, meaning "don't copy it into my folder" by default.

> - If you hit a `Class not Registered` error, this might be because a class isn't getting registered in the app manifest. You can go check `src/cascadia/casc_package/bin/x64/debug/appx/appxmanifest.xml` to see if there exist entries to the classes of your newly created DLL. If the references aren't there, double check that you've added `<ProjectReference>` blocks to both `WindowsTerminal.vcxproj` and `TerminalApp.vcxproj`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you hit a `Class not Registered` error, this might be because a class isn't getting registered in the app manifest. You can go check `src/cascadia/CascadiaPackage/bin/x64/Debug/AppX/AppXManifest.xml` to see if there exist entries to the classes of your newly created DLL. If the references aren't there, double check that you've added `<ProjectReference>` blocks to both `WindowsTerminal.vcxproj` and `TerminalApp.vcxproj`.
```
